Destination (#37)
conduitio-labs/conduit-connector-oracle: README.md

| `columns`        | list of column names that should be included in each Record's payload, by default includes all columns | false    | `id,name,age`                               |
| `batchSize`      | size of rows batch. Min is 1 and max is 100000                                                         | false    | `100`                                       |

## Destination

> The Oracle Destination takes a `record.Record` and parses it into a valid SQL query. The Destination is designed to

Reviewer: sdk.Record?

Author: Correct.
Updated.

> handle different payloads and keys. Because of this, each record is individually parses and upsertes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
handle different payloads and keys. Because of this, each record is individually parsed and upserted.
```

Author: Updated.

### Table name

> If a record contains a `table` property in its metadata it will be inserted in that table, otherwise it will fall back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a record contains a `table` property in its metadata, it will be inserted in that table, otherwise, it will fall back
```

Author: Updated.

to use the table configured in the connector. Thus, a Destination can support multiple tables in a single connector, as
long as the user has proper access to those tables.

### Upsert Behavior

> If the target table already contains a record with the same key, the Destination will upsert with its current received
> values. Because Keys must be unique, this can lead to overwriting and potential data loss, so the keys must be correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the target table already contains a record with the same key, the Destination will still upsert the new record
value. since keys must be unique, this can lead to overwriting and potential data loss, so the keys must be correctly
```

Author: Updated. 
`since keys must be unique` - is a new sentence, right?

Reviewer: yes, so it's better to have `Since` capitalized.

assigned from the Source.

### Configuration Options

| name        | description                                                                        | required | example                                     |
|-------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------------------------------------|
| `url`       | string line for connection to Oracle                                               | **true** | `username/password@path:1521/my.domain.com` |
| `table`     | the name of a table in the database that the connector should write to, by default | **true** | `users`                                     |

> | `keyColumn` | column name uses to detect if the target table already contains the record         | **true** | `id`                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `keyColumn` | column name used to detect if the target table already contains the record         | **true** | `id`                                        |
```
I think we should have better description of what this configuration is

## Type convention

Type convention describes the conversion between Oracle to Go types.

| oracle        | go     | explanation                                                                                       |
|---------------|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `NUMBER(1,0)` | `bool` | oracle does not have support a boolean type, so the best practice is to keep the values as 0 or 1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `NUMBER(1,0)` | `bool` | oracle does not support a boolean type, so the best practice is to keep the values as 0 or 1 |
```

Author: Updated.
